IA-2882: Updated alb sticky duration and cookie name explanation. (#47)
USSBA/terraform-aws-easy-fargate-service: README.md

* `cloudfront_log_prefix` - Prefix for each object created in CF access log bucket. By default no prefix will be used.
* `listeners` - The ALB listener port configuration. By default port 80 will be forwarded unless a certificate is provided then port 80 will redirect to port 443 which will then be forwarded. Here are some [examples](./examples/listener/main.tf) of listener configurations.
* `ipv6` - Boolean to enable ipv6 on the ALB and Route53.  Ensure your VPC is configured to be ipv6 compatible before enabling.  Defaults to `false`.
* `alb_sticky_duration` - By default, sticky sessions are disabled. Once a number value is provided, sticky sessions are enabled, and the provided number is used to determine sticky session's duration in seconds.

> * `alb_sticky_cookie_name` - By defualt sticky cookie type will be set to lb_cookie, and string will be empty. Once a cookie name is assgined to the value, the alb sticky type will be app_cookie.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `alb_sticky_cookie_name` - By default sticky cookie type will be set to lb_cookie, and string will be empty. Once a cookie name is assigned to the value, the alb sticky type will be app_cookie.
```
